Fast Cleaner-Booster, Battery Saver & CPU Cooler Privacy Policy

1.Overview

Fast Cleaner-Booster, Battery Saver & CPU Cooler (this “Product”) is a clean product developed, operated and managed by powerd dev team (“Ronald Duwarkah” “We” or “us”). We fully respect and protect users’ personal privacy. While providing you with quality services, we will collect, use, disclose, store and protect your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”).

Please completely read and fully understand this Policy before using this Product. If you have any questions about this Policy, or have any complaints or suggestions, please contact us via the methods as described in this Policy. This policy will help you understand the followings:

2. Category and purpose of your personal data we collect

This Product is a full functionality clean product with rich content and services. We will collect different categories of your personal data in different scenarios according to various product features, and will use these data to realize such product features.

3. Junk Files

We’ll read the application information?file storage information?application cache and multimedia file information installed both in your mobile and SD card, to help you clear junk files including system cache, ads unload residue, empty folders, useless installation packages, temporary files, other files, pictures, audios and videos etc. In this way, we can clear junk files and release more space by scanning and cleaning. Further more, if deeper cleaning is needed, we can also provide you better cleaning effect with auxiliary functions. We’ll also collect the application list and SD card catalog information in your mobile and SD card in the meanwhile for a continues optimized scanning speed and cleaning effect.

4. Memory Boost

In order to close background process for space release and mobile efficiency enhancement, we’ll read the application information, file storage information, application cache and multimedia file information installed both in your mobile and SD card when you start Memory Boost function, and release more memory space by scanning and shutting down apps. Again, we can also provide you better boost effect with auxiliary function if you try our Fast Booster. We’ll also collect the application list and SD card catalog information in your mobile and SD card in the meanwhile for a continues optimized scanning speed and boost effect.

5. Cleaner

In order to clear cache, ads, pictures, audios ,videos and other files in specified applications like WhatsApp and Facebook, we’ll read the application information, file storage information, application cache and multimedia file information installed both in your mobile and SD card , and clear specified application by scanning and shutting down specified apps. We’ll also collect the application list and SD card catalog information in your mobile and SD card in the meanwhile for a continues optimized scanning speed and cleaning effect.

6. CPU Clooler

In order to lower the temperature of CPU, we’ll read your mobile CPU temperature, installed application information in both mobile and SD card as well as running application information, and cool down CPU by shutting down running applications and reduce mobile memory usage. We’ll also collect the application list and SD card catalog information in your mobile and SD card in the meanwhile for a continues optimized cooling effect.

7. Battery Saver 

In order to prolong the standby time of mobile battery, we’ll read app information installed in your phone and SD card, running application information and self-starting application information. Meanwhile, we can completely shut down process with auxiliary function to avoid app self-staring and get a better power saving result. We’ll also collect the application list and SD card catalog information in your mobile and SD card for a continues optimized power saving result.


8. Cleaning

In order to release memory space and improve mobile efficiency, when you start Deep Cleaning we’ll read application information in your mobile and SD card, clear application data and uninstall useless applications and multimedia as well as picture files through scanning and cleaning data in the applications. We’ll also collect installed application information in your mobile and SD card for a continues optimized scanning and cleaning effect of this function.


9. PERMISSIONS WE REQUIRE:

INTERNET
Used to achieve network-based services, e.g. performing version update, notifications.

KILL_BACKGROUND_PROCESSES
Used to check running apps with 1-Tap Cleaner and close unnecessary processes.

READ_CONTACTS
Used to display contact name of missed calls or SMS on lock screen. No contact identified information will be collected.

WRITE_SYNC_SETTINGS
Allows applications to write the sync settings. No identified information will be collected.

SET_ALARM
Allows an application to broadcast an Intent to set an alarm for the user. No settings are changed.

BLUETOOTH
Used in battery saver settings, turning on/off Bluetooth connection.

BLUETOOTH_ADMIN
Used in battery saver settings, turning on/off Bluetooth connection.

ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
Allows programs to receive data from internet in order to provide updates.

CHANGE_WIFI_STATE
Allows programs to receive data from internet in order to provide updates.

WRITE_SETTINGS
Used to support battery saver feature to control and adjust vibration, screen rotation and screen brightness, and we may use this permission to read device’s default input method.

CAMERA
Used in our junk files cleaning feature to remove junk from devices hard drive.

10. Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about this policy, or you need to do your data management power to manage your privacy data, please feel free to contact us: ronalddwk@gmail.com

11. Update of Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to revise or modify this Policy. For any update of this Policy, we will send you notice on the interface of this Product to remind you of relevant updates and indicate the updated provisions for your ease of reading. Please do completely read and fully understand the updated Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this Product, you will be deemed to have accepted the updated version of this Policy. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent.

Updated: May 19, 2020
 

